Closing 90 trunkated token string (#92)
SuperOfficeDocs/data-access: docs/authentication/online/troubleshooting/index.md

### Error: IDX10708

> [!NOTE]

> > System.IdentityModel.Tokens.JwtSecurityTokenHandler cannot read this string: `PD94bWwgdmVyc2lvbj0iMS4wIiBlbmNvZGluZz0idXRmLTgiPz48QXNzZXJ0aW9uIElEPSJfZWQ4O`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> System.IdentityModel.Tokens.JwtSecurityTokenHandler cannot read this string: `PD94bWwgdmVyc2lvbj0iMS4wIiBlbmNvZGluZz0idX...shortened for brevity...W9uIElEPSJfZWQ4O`
```
